doc: Add v0.5.0 RN. (#14)
intel/edge-conductor: RELEASE-NOTES.md

following sections.

## Release Notes for v0.5.0

<details>
  <summary>Click for Release Notes details</summary>

## Contents v0.5.0

  * [New in this Release v0.5.0](#new-in-this-release-v050)
  * [Feature & Version List for Cluster Type v0.5.0](#feature---version-list-for-cluster-type-v050)
  * [Known Issues v0.5.0](#known-issues-v050)
  * [Related Documentation v0.5.0](#related-documentation-v050)
  * [Where to find the release v0.5.0](#where-to-find-the-release-v050)
  * [Hardware and Software Requirements v0.5.0](#hardware-and-software-requirements-v050)
  * [Legal Disclaimers](#legal-disclaimers)

## New in this Release v0.5.0

Edge Conductor Release 0.5.0 includes the following:

> *  Declaratively node joining.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Support declarative node joining.
```

> *  Replace all uses of the term "experience kit" with "package/kit"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Replace "experience kit" terms by "package" or "kit"
```

> *  Significantly reduce build and deployment time for EC cluster and service deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Reduce the time for EC cluster build and service deployment
```

> *  Upgrade latest version of supported Cluster for v0.5.0 (Need a list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Upgrade to the latest versions on cluster  infra components:(Need a list)
```

> *  Upgrade supported services for V0.5.0 （Need a list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Upgrade to the latest versions on supported services: (Need a list)
```

> *  Enable Debian 11.3 OS support

Reviewer: as the host OS for all cluster nodes?

Author: as host os.

> *  Enable Ubuntu 22.04 OS & preempt_RT support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Support Edge node with Ubuntu 22.04 as host OS & preempt_RT
```

> *  Add Cert-Management support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  integrated "cert-Management" service from upstream
```

> *  Enable error index for the error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Enable error code and indexing for the error messages
```

> *  Add 3 tutorials of "Hello Cluster Helm", "Web-info" and "RKE deployment"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Add 3 user tutorial documents: "Hello Cluster Helm", "Web-info" and "RKE deployment"
```

following sections.

## Release Notes for v0.5.0

<details>
  <summary>Click for Release Notes details</summary>

## Contents v0.5.0

  * [New in this Release v0.5.0](#new-in-this-release-v050)
  * [Feature & Version List for Cluster Type v0.5.0](#feature---version-list-for-cluster-type-v050)
  * [Known Issues v0.5.0](#known-issues-v050)
  * [Related Documentation v0.5.0](#related-documentation-v050)
  * [Where to find the release v0.5.0](#where-to-find-the-release-v050)
  * [Hardware and Software Requirements v0.5.0](#hardware-and-software-requirements-v050)
  * [Legal Disclaimers](#legal-disclaimers)

## New in this Release v0.5.0

Edge Conductor Release 0.5.0 includes the following:

*  Support declarative node joining.

*  Replace "experience kit" terms by "package" or "kit"

> *  Reduce the time for EC cluster build and service deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  Reduce the time for Edge Conductor cluster build and service deployment
```

> *  Upgrade to the latest versions on cluster  infra components:(Need a list)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  Upgrade to the latest versions on cluster infrastructure components:(Need a list)
```

> *  Upgrade to the latest versions on cluster  infra components:(Need a list)

Reviewer 2: Should remove "Need a list" or put a list in?

Author: Removed, the List is under the feature & version table.

> *  Upgrade to the latest versions on supported services: (Need a list)

Reviewer 2: Remove "Need a list" or put a list in?

Author: Removed. Same as above.

*  Enable Debian 11.3 OS support

> *  Support Edge node with Ubuntu 22.04 as host OS & preempt_RT

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  Support edge node with Ubuntu 22.04 as host OS & preempt_RT
```

*  integrated "cert-Management" service from upstream

> *  Enable error code and indexing for the error messages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  Enable error code and indexing for error messages
```

> *  Add 3 user tutorial documents: "Hello Cluster Helm", "Web-info" and "RKE deployment"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  Add 3 user tutorial documents: "Hello Cluster Helm," "Web-info," and "RKE deployment"
```

| 18 |`kubevirt-operator`          |  0.54.0    | Yes  | Yes  | Yes  |
| 19 |`kubevirt-cr`          |  0.54.1    | Yes  | Yes  | Yes  |

†  Note that Edge Software Provisioner and offline deployment feature is enabled on CAPI clusters when using the BYOH deployment framework.

The following table lists the versions for each cluster type provided in the Edge Conductor v0.5.0 release.
| No.| Cluster            | Version | K8S version | CRI Version  | Other Version | Comments|
|----| ------------|---------|---------|-----------|---------------|------------|
| 1  |`KIND`               |  0.14.0    | 1.24.2  | -- | -- |-- |
| 2  |`RKE`                 |  1.3.12    | 1.23.7-rancher1-1(default)  | -- | -- |-- |
| 3  |`CAPI(core)`      |  1.2.0 | ---   | ---   | Cert-manager v1.9.0 | -- |
| 4  |`CAPI-BYOH`    |  1.2.0 | 1.23.5   |  Crio v1.23.3 Containerd v1.6.6 | -- |---|
| 5  |`CAPI-METAL3`|  1.2.0 | 1.23.5   |  Crio v1.23.5 Containerd v1.6.6 | -- |---|

## Known Issues v0.5.0
**EPJ-2755**

Description: The system time of RKE node is inconsistent with the time of day-0 node.

Workaround: No workaround, it will be fixed in next release.
  

**EPJ-2007**

> Description: 

Reviewer 2: Put in description.

Workaround: 
**EPJ-2126**

Description: When using ESP as the OS provider to profile the OS of the

> nodes, the user name and password is not set from the Package Kit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
nodes, the user name and password is not set from the package kit
```

config file, but set from the ESP profile.

Workaround: Use the user name and password set in the official ESP profile to
config the node list in a Package Kit config.

**EPJ-2376**

> Description: When using CAPI deploy cluster with crio as container runtime, there is error message "overlayfs: unrecognized mount option "volatile" or missing value" on the provisioned nodes. This message is by design of the upstream project. Refer to the [known issue](https://github.com/cri-o/cri-o/issues/4773) of CRI-O.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: When using CAPI deploy cluster with crio as container runtime, the error message "overlayfs: unrecognized mount option "volatile" or missing value" occurs on the provisioned nodes. This message is by design of the upstream project. Refer to the [known issue](https://github.com/cri-o/cri-o/issues/4773) of CRI-O.
```
